A project from NASA in 1983, in the 1960s, ARPAnet appeared in the United States.
In 1983, Paul Mockapetris invented the DNS system, which is a distributed database that solves the problem of IP addresses being difficult to remember.
The DNC operating company is Starlink (Starlink is a new company independent from SpaceX in the United States). SpaceX has invested $ 1 billion. Starlink provides satellite communication technology to support DNC's global broadband Internet access satellite network.
DNC and US SpaceX successfully launched 400 Starlink satellites. In the live webcast about the launch, SpaceX revealed a series of upgrade details for these satellites, including increased bandwidth and complete decomposition. DNC inherited the initial design ideas of the Internet, creating a personal free communication platform, resisting oligopoly and creating a private and safe Cyber ​​Space. The domain name is unique, and the personal identity of the blockchain is also unique, connecting online and offline, and on-chain and off-chain.
Bitcoin, which implements the peer-to-peer transfer function, is the first-generation blockchain. It mainly builds a distributed system through an incentive mechanism; Ethereum, which implements smart contract functions, is the second-generation blockchain, which mainly uses Turing-complete virtual The machine realizes programmable transfer; and the DNC-like public chain has functions such as distributed storage, infinitely scalable transactions, and distributed communication. It is a fully functional blockchain. A fully functional DApp can be built on it and can be considered It is the third generation blockchain.
SpaceX CEO and CTO Elon Musk, and Wall Street trader Paul Tudor Jones joined hands with 88 communities around the world to initiate anonymous emails and synchronously launch version 1.0. The super node uses the massive USDT fund pool as a guarantee for exchange, strategic cooperation with a number of overseas listed companies to achieve the free exchange of the same rights of currency stocks, reserve multi-country DCEP ports, serve 1 billion-level end users, and apply blockchain to the field of Expand to e-commerce, games, tourism, finance and other industries.
